Add a page on the website to provide directions to users on how to reach out (#24034)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/support.rst

There are several ways to get in touch with the developers.

.. _announcements_and_notification:

Announcements and notification
===============================

- The main mailing list is `scikit-learn
  <https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/scikit-learn>`_.

- Commit notifications are sent via the twitter account `sklearn_commits
  <https://twitter.com/sklearn_commits>`_.

.. _how_to_reach_out:

How to reach out
=================

> The Discord server is intended for communication between the scikit-learn maintainers
> and community contributors during Office Hours and Sprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you have questions, this is our general workflow:

- `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/discussions>`_
  Usage questions such as methodological

- `StackOverflow <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scikit-learn>`_
  programming/user questions with `[scikit-learn]` tag

- `GitHub Bug Tracker <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/issues>`_
  Bug reports - Please do not ask usage questions on the issue tracker.

> - Discord server
>   current pull requests - Please post any specific PR-related questions on your PR, and you
>   can share a link to your PR on this server during office hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Discord server
   - is intended for communication between the scikit-learn maintainers
and community contributors during Office Hours and Sprints
  - contributors are able to link to their pull requests on Discord during office hours
```

>   where updates to the main repository and test failures get notified.

Author: I updated it as suggested. Let me know if I missed something!
